hi guys welcome to the third episode of
my animal show a really hope that you're
not getting sick of cute waving animals
because they're not going anywhere
this first video was actually submitted
by one of you this is from Ellen and
this is her pet bunny eating of carrot
so let's take it now from a cute fuzzy
animal to a massive massive great white
shark
this guy was cage diving and he captured
a huge great white shark chewing on his
cage I mean I went diving with sharks
this summer and those sharks were like
tiny goldfish compared to how massive
the shark is this next video might just
be the most adorable thing I've ever
heard this porcupine is just eating a
pumpkin I've never heard porcupines eat
before and it is cute this next video is
taken from vine it's pretty much just a
cat and a blu-ray DVD player and because
I hang out in the cat section of vine
quite frequently this next video I
watched like 10 times and laughed every
time
I'm gonna say it first when you say 1 2
3 so thank you Matt for doing whatever
you do on vine and with your cats
because it's entertaining and I really
am a big fan I have one more cat vine I
feel like there are only six seconds so
I can show at least three cat vines
right now this next video has less than
300,000 views I know nothing about it I
didn't even read into it I was just like
in shock when I watched it he's good
he's porn top yeah it's it's a fighter I
mean it's a sight you actually cannot
believe what you see
yeah I took you but Warner I'd use it
for a Russian control and then these
people think it's a good idea to like
drive away with the tiger on top of
their car
instead it's tough for the costing is
their window down
don't you think you'd want to like close
the window when there's like a wild
beast outside of your car and you
actually can't even see today I don't
have a new t-shirt but I have this this
nice tiger sweater so I thought that
would do and to wrap things up for the
day I will leave you with a sleeping
baby Jaguar so that's all I have for
today thank you guys for watching and
make sure you tweet me any videos of
your animals that you want me to feature
next week and I will see you next time
thank you guys for watching